
The airfoil.py contains the Airfoil class, which represents how a specific airfoil interacts with different environmental constraints. There are 6 variables — the name of the airfoil, the x coordinates that make up the airfoil, the y coordinates of the airfoil, the alphas (angles of wind attack) that could inert with the airfoil, the pressure coefficients of the airfoil, and the values of the difference between x coordinates and y coordinates (which is called cdelta — this is used more for calculating the lift coefficient). Abstraction is used through my creation of functions that easily navigate all the variables in the data file. Such include a function that loads a file (“loadfile”) — this takes in the information from the data and easily converts it into variables that can be easily called, a function (“chord_length”) that uses inputted data to find the length of the chord, a function (“lif_coeff”) that finds the lift coefficient through taking the alpha value, a function (“stagnation_point”)  that returns the x, y, alpha, and value of a stagnation point. Encapsulation (the protection of variables from being accessed outside) isn’t really used in this program, as this program must interact heavily with another program (main.py) and a corresponding datafile that is inputted. Thus, the variables shouldn’t be hidden. Decomposition is used in this program by breaking up the desired workings of Airfoil into functions (as mentioned earlier). These functions are then easily accessed when printing out the data in the __repr__ function. 

To make sure my file was running properly (error checking/ exception generation), I made sure to 
1. make sure I was in the right working directory through checking if the directory was correct, and if not, switching to the right working directory through the os.chdir() function. 
2.make sure the directory existed through raising a runtime error if the directory was not present
3. making sure the required files to be inputted exist (alpha values and xy coordinates) by raising a runtime error when these were not present in the directory
